Dr. Hua Shen Van Hieu, how is he?
Mrs. Lee, your son's condition is difficult.
I'm afraid that drugs and food are hard to cure.
Dr. Hoa, please think of a way.
Van Hieu, he is my lifeblood.
He's very young.
I can't let him leave me.
The way is not without, ma'am.
Take risks or save your son's life.
The flower god only needs to be able to save Van Hieu
I'm willing to pay any price.
I ask you to tell me how I can save your life.
Blood exchange
Exchange network for network
I changed.
This law is dangerous.
Ma'am, think about it.
Once this method is used.
You're going to lose 20 years of your life.
As long as the peace is good.
What about 20 years?
The future of literature has to contribute.
Being a parent
Benefits for the people
I can only see him getting married.
Full descendants
I'll be pleased.
You paid him a lot.
Aren't you afraid he won't appreciate it later?
No, I believe in literature.
He's a filial child.
Blood exchange
Change the network.
The danger is unpredictable.
Twenty years off this time.
Women should take more care of their health.
Don't be angry in the future.
It can be long.
Sweet and delicious tofu brain
Wow.
My sister's still building a stall here.
Don t you have a doctor in the city?
You should also enjoy happiness, haha, I heard Van Hieu.
It was shown to me by the Grand Lady of Sujia.
I want to marry him.
Before, if you hadn't sacrificed your life to save him.
How did he get here today?
No, this is all the work of the author himself.
I'm just doing my duty as a mother.
Hey, Van Hieu.
What's wrong with your face?
I accidentally fell.
It's okay.
It was collected today.
I'm going to the capital soon. I don't need any money for brain tofu today.
I invited without money.
So good feeling.
Come on, drink some more.
Haha, then I'll go first.
Thank you.
Drink a lot.
Would you like a bowl of tofu brains?
Mrs. Hoang
I finally found you.